Welcome back to your space
plastic prime presto where now
we will elaborate what is flan
Neapolitan or our syrup three creams
we want to recommend that nothing else is
key 3 that you can use it the most in
the flan we can make a jelly
milk we can make a jelly
including kompressor with forums team
we can do
for the jelly cake hummus rice with
milk even for coffee
We can use our three syrup
creams if right now we're going to
use it for what is flan
Neapolitan and later on later
will teach them what is like a rice with
milk and its derivatives that we can
do it more to make our plan
Neapolitan we need a liter of three
creams and six eggs vanilla artist and
nothing else is needed to make our
Napolitano first step we plan to
has passed these six eggs we are going to
put in this bowl
yes
when are we going to be
hiding days are two
and 6 eggs
it only has 6 eggs the taste
vanilla we are adding and to the micro
what we are going to do is incorporate
the eggs with the vanilla
to show you a little taste
that easy and fast
incorporated the eggs let's empty what
that our syrup three creams that is the
perfect combination of
traditional three milks with a flavor
equal or better than the traditional
then we started to incorporate
we will continue beating and that 's that
incorporate our three syrup well
creams with eggs and vanilla that
we have
we're going to medium median
we're going to be with a time like a
minute two minutes we're going to beat you for
that is incorporated into our syrup three
creams with eggs and vanilla
since it was incorporated we are not going to empty
our mold that we already have with
our candies previously
prepared and since we have our
since we have our our mix of
our syrup three creams with our
eggs and vanilla
let's incorporate them into our mold
that we have with candy previously
it's caramelized we're going to empty it and what
let's get
baked in a bain marie
at 180 degrees for one hour
already spent our time since we cook
our plan to bain-marie now the only thing
what are we going to do to unmold what
we are going to give a small to rotate what
sideways to loosen it and no longer
we can let's put this let's put
on a plate on a long base
and friends that we are going to do is flip it
and we are going to lift him
and we already have our Neapolitan plan like that
of simple and fast desserts with
Presto products normally when
Come out our flan we'll give it a day
cooling so you have your
stable and beautiful body as it passed the
time we already unmold our flan see
what softness and texture and especially
very nice consistency
are you going to put
there we are
and practically like that we have
our plan now ready for sale or
for the tasting depending as
make
this is all for today we are waiting for you in
our next capsule the space of
plastic price presto